when everything floats it's hard to
begin a hockey game with a faceoff but
Valeri and Sergei give it a try on earth
this sport relies on gravity on the
energy transferred to a puck when hit by
a stick on the puck speed and on what
happens when the puck hits a wall in
space it's easy to swing the stick but
harder to keep the stick from touching
the puck when the puck can bounce off in
any direction passing back and forth
works well until the puck is pushed
against the floor then it bounces up and
becomes hard to control this puck is a
very soft plastic to protect the space
hockey player passing back and forth can
be mastered but there's no friction or
downward force to hold the puck to the
floor what if the Larry and Sergey
decide to compete for the puck then it's
challenging to control the puck and to
take it away from your opponent it's
easier to check with the puck on the
locker than in the air and it's also
easier to pass when there's a surface to
help control the pucks motion Sergei
also discovered that the vent helps
control the puck both the vent texture
and the air pulling down through the
vent
both stabilize and slow down the pucks
motion to play hockey we need a goal so
we'll use the hatch with Valerius the
goalie
it's Sergey x' task to score by knocking
the puck past Valeri and through the
hatch notice that it's hard to keep the
puck still long enough to take a shot at
the goal is it easier to block a shot on
earth or in space look at Valeri stance
with his feet and straps for stability
it's hard to stay in place to protect
the goal and it's fun to imagine new
rules for a space hockey game